tasks/nlp/translate.md, before:

# Machine Translation
*Here's some resources about Machine Translation*


## TextBooks

#### 机器翻译 基础与模型 [`READ`]
book link: [here](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1VE4vLUMdpjxTqUj3G9KvQg), with extraction code: `m9ch`



## Papers


#### Shallow-to-deep training for neural machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03737)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{li2020shallow,
  title={Shallow-to-deep training for neural machine translation},
  author={Li, Bei and Wang, Ziyang and Liu, Hui and Jiang, Yufan and Du, Quan and Xiao, Tong and Wang, Huizhen and Zhu, Jingbo},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.03737},
  year={2020}
}
```
    


#### Learning deep transformer models for machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01787)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{wang2019learning,
  title={Learning deep transformer models for machine translation},
  author={Wang, Qiang and Li, Bei and Xiao, Tong and Zhu, Jingbo and Li, Changliang and Wong, Derek F and Chao, Lidia S},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.01787},
  year={2019}
}
```
    

#### Training deeper neural machine translation models with transparent attention [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.07561.pdf)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{bapna2018training,
  title={Training deeper neural machine translation models with transparent attention},
  author={Bapna, Ankur and Chen, Mia Xu and Firat, Orhan and Cao, Yuan and Wu, Yonghui},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.07561},
  year={2018}
}
```
    

#### Learning phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for statistical machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.1078.pdf)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{cho2014learning,
  title={Learning phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for statistical machine translation},
  author={Cho, Kyunghyun and Van Merri{\"e}nboer, Bart and Gulcehre, Caglar and Bahdanau, Dzmitry and Bougares, Fethi and Schwenk, Holger and Bengio, Yoshua},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1406.1078},
  year={2014}
}
```

Commit message:

added some papers about sampling-based approximation about softmax

tasks/nlp/translate.md, after:

# Machine Translation
*Here's some resources about Machine Translation*


## TextBooks

#### 机器翻译 基础与模型 [`READ`]
book link: [here](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1VE4vLUMdpjxTqUj3G9KvQg), with extraction code: `m9ch`



## Papers


#### Fast and robust neural network joint models for statistical machine translation (Self-Normalisation) [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://aclanthology.org/P14-1129.pdf)

citation: 
```bibtex
@inproceedings{devlin2014fast,
  title={Fast and robust neural network joint models for statistical machine translation},
  author={Devlin, Jacob and Zbib, Rabih and Huang, Zhongqiang and Lamar, Thomas and Schwartz, Richard and Makhoul, John},
  booktitle={proceedings of the 52nd annual meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers)},
  pages={1370--1380},
  year={2014}
}
```


#### Shallow-to-deep training for neural machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.03737)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{li2020shallow,
  title={Shallow-to-deep training for neural machine translation},
  author={Li, Bei and Wang, Ziyang and Liu, Hui and Jiang, Yufan and Du, Quan and Xiao, Tong and Wang, Huizhen and Zhu, Jingbo},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.03737},
  year={2020}
}
```
    


#### Learning deep transformer models for machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.01787)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{wang2019learning,
  title={Learning deep transformer models for machine translation},
  author={Wang, Qiang and Li, Bei and Xiao, Tong and Zhu, Jingbo and Li, Changliang and Wong, Derek F and Chao, Lidia S},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1906.01787},
  year={2019}
}
```
    

#### Training deeper neural machine translation models with transparent attention [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1808.07561.pdf)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{bapna2018training,
  title={Training deeper neural machine translation models with transparent attention},
  author={Bapna, Ankur and Chen, Mia Xu and Firat, Orhan and Cao, Yuan and Wu, Yonghui},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1808.07561},
  year={2018}
}
```
    

#### Learning phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for statistical machine translation [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.1078.pdf)

citation: 
```bibtex
@article{cho2014learning,
  title={Learning phrase representations using RNN encoder-decoder for statistical machine translation},
  author={Cho, Kyunghyun and Van Merri{\"e}nboer, Bart and Gulcehre, Caglar and Bahdanau, Dzmitry and Bougares, Fethi and Schwenk, Holger and Bengio, Yoshua},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1406.1078},
  year={2014}
}
```
