techs/ml/continual.md, before:

# Continual Learning
*Here're some resources about Continual Learning*

#### Embracing Change: Continual Learning in Deep Neural Networks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://www.cell.com/trends/cognitive-sciences/pdf/S1364-6613(20)30219-9.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{hadsell2020embracing,
  title={Embracing change: Continual learning in deep neural networks},
  author={Hadsell, Raia and Rao, Dushyant and Rusu, Andrei A and Pascanu, Razvan},
  journal={Trends in cognitive sciences},
  volume={24},
  number={12},
  pages={1028--1040},
  year={2020},
  publisher={Elsevier}
}
```

#### A continual learning survey: Defying forgetting in classification tasks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08383)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{de2021continual,
  title={A continual learning survey: Defying forgetting in classification tasks},
  author={De Lange, Matthias and Aljundi, Rahaf and Masana, Marc and Parisot, Sarah and Jia, Xu and Leonardis, Ale{\v{s}} and Slabaugh, Gregory and Tuytelaars, Tinne},
  journal={IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence},
  volume={44},
  number={7},
  pages={3366--3385},
  year={2021},
  publisher={IEEE}
}
```

#### Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018/papers/Gidaris_Dynamic_Few-Shot_Visual_CVPR_2018_paper.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@inproceedings{gidaris2018dynamic,
  title={Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting},
  author={Gidaris, Spyros and Komodakis, Nikos},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition},
  pages={4367--4375},
  year={2018}
}
```


#### Memory aware synapses: Learning what (not) to forget [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Rahaf_Aljundi_Memory_Aware_Synapses_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@inproceedings{gidaris2018dynamic,
  title={Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting},
  author={Gidaris, Spyros and Komodakis, Nikos},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition},
  pages={4367--4375},
  year={2018}
}
```


#### Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://www.pnas.org/doi/pdf/10.1073/pnas.1611835114)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{kirkpatrick2017overcoming,
  title={Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks},
  author={Kirkpatrick, James and Pascanu, Razvan and Rabinowitz, Neil and Veness, Joel and Desjardins, Guillaume and Rusu, Andrei A and Milan, Kieran and Quan, John and Ramalho, Tiago and Grabska-Barwinska, Agnieszka and others},
  journal={Proceedings of the national academy of sciences},
  volume={114},
  number={13},
  pages={3521--3526},
  year={2017},
  publisher={National Acad Sciences}
}
```


#### Learning without forgetting [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/ielaam/34/8520726/8107520-aam.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{li2017learning,
  title={Learning without forgetting},
  author={Li, Zhizhong and Hoiem, Derek},
  journal={IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence},
  volume={40},
  number={12},
  pages={2935--2947},
  year={2017},
  publisher={IEEE}
}
```

Commit message:

renamed unlearn and added papers for continual learning and federated learning

techs/ml/continual.md, after:

# Continual Learning
*Here're some resources about Continual Learning*


#### Task Arithmetic with LoRA for Continual Learning [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2311.02428.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@misc{chitale2023task,
      title={Task Arithmetic with LoRA for Continual Learning}, 
      author={Rajas Chitale and Ankit Vaidya and Aditya Kane and Archana Ghotkar},
      year={2023},
      eprint={2311.02428},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CV}
}
```

#### Embracing Change: Continual Learning in Deep Neural Networks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://www.cell.com/trends/cognitive-sciences/pdf/S1364-6613(20)30219-9.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{hadsell2020embracing,
  title={Embracing change: Continual learning in deep neural networks},
  author={Hadsell, Raia and Rao, Dushyant and Rusu, Andrei A and Pascanu, Razvan},
  journal={Trends in cognitive sciences},
  volume={24},
  number={12},
  pages={1028--1040},
  year={2020},
  publisher={Elsevier}
}
```

#### A continual learning survey: Defying forgetting in classification tasks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.08383)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{de2021continual,
  title={A continual learning survey: Defying forgetting in classification tasks},
  author={De Lange, Matthias and Aljundi, Rahaf and Masana, Marc and Parisot, Sarah and Jia, Xu and Leonardis, Ale{\v{s}} and Slabaugh, Gregory and Tuytelaars, Tinne},
  journal={IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence},
  volume={44},
  number={7},
  pages={3366--3385},
  year={2021},
  publisher={IEEE}
}
```

#### Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2018/papers/Gidaris_Dynamic_Few-Shot_Visual_CVPR_2018_paper.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@inproceedings{gidaris2018dynamic,
  title={Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting},
  author={Gidaris, Spyros and Komodakis, Nikos},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition},
  pages={4367--4375},
  year={2018}
}
```


#### Memory aware synapses: Learning what (not) to forget [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_ECCV_2018/papers/Rahaf_Aljundi_Memory_Aware_Synapses_ECCV_2018_paper.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@inproceedings{gidaris2018dynamic,
  title={Dynamic few-shot visual learning without forgetting},
  author={Gidaris, Spyros and Komodakis, Nikos},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the IEEE conference on computer vision and pattern recognition},
  pages={4367--4375},
  year={2018}
}
```


#### Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://www.pnas.org/doi/pdf/10.1073/pnas.1611835114)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{kirkpatrick2017overcoming,
  title={Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks},
  author={Kirkpatrick, James and Pascanu, Razvan and Rabinowitz, Neil and Veness, Joel and Desjardins, Guillaume and Rusu, Andrei A and Milan, Kieran and Quan, John and Ramalho, Tiago and Grabska-Barwinska, Agnieszka and others},
  journal={Proceedings of the national academy of sciences},
  volume={114},
  number={13},
  pages={3521--3526},
  year={2017},
  publisher={National Acad Sciences}
}
```


#### Learning without forgetting [`UNREAD`]

paper link: [here](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/ielaam/34/8520726/8107520-aam.pdf)

citation:
```bibtex
@article{li2017learning,
  title={Learning without forgetting},
  author={Li, Zhizhong and Hoiem, Derek},
  journal={IEEE transactions on pattern analysis and machine intelligence},
  volume={40},
  number={12},
  pages={2935--2947},
  year={2017},
  publisher={IEEE}
}
```
